Radar: added sharing/embed instructions (#9843)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/radar/get-started/embed.md

---
pcx_content_type: reference
title: Share a Radar chart
meta:
    title: Share a Radar chart
weight: 3
---

# Share a Radar chart

Radar allows you to download an image of a chart, as well as to embed interactive cards of most charts into your own webpages.

Charts supporting this feature will have a share icon <img src="/icons/share.svg" style="display: inline-block" title="Share Icon"/> next to its description.

## Download a chart in PNG format

> 1. Press the share button the open the sharing menu
> 
> 2. Click the button labeled "Download Image"
> 
> 3. Done! Your browser will download the .png file containing the requested chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the Share icon next to the description of the chart you wish to share.
2. Select `Download Image.`
3. A .png file containing the requested chart will be downloaded.
```

## Embed an interactive chart in your website

> 1. Press the share button to open the sharing menu
> 
> 2. Select between **fixed-time** and **real-time**, where:
>    - Real-time uses a “sliding window” based on the selected date range, and will display data points looking back over that duration from the current date/time.
>    - Fixed-time will always display a chart with only the currently visible data points.
> 
> 3. Copy the HTML to your page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the Share icon next to the description of the chart you wish to share.
2. Select between Fixed Time and Real Time.
   - Real Time uses a “sliding window” based on the selected date range, and will display data points looking back over that duration from the current date/time.
   - Fixed Time will always display a chart with only the currently visible data points.
3. Select Copy Code and paste the code into your web page.
```
